# CIS-1051-finalproject

Link to video walk-through: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qaUbzoDEhNE

Alright, so this was a lot harder than I thought it would be when I went into it. The learning curve for HTML and JavaScript was a bit of a shock, which made things take a fair bit longer than I hoped, but it was doable after doing a bit of studying/research. For this site, there is no underlying database/repository configured to store the class feedback form information, so it is not able to be retrieved and displayed. Aka, that data that is input by a user disappears into a void. I will be working on this further to learn how to fix that issue, but it is currently way above my skill level. I was still able to get the original vision done, with some extra parts that I had fun learning how to do (I really have to say, lists are a pain to do but easy once you get the hang of it). The styling was really interesting to learn about, and it was also cool to see how the syntax was similar in some ways to Python, but usually very different. The biggest issue I had was creating the math quizzes. I don't know if there actually is a way to do it in HTML or JavaScript; I haven't found one. Instead, what I did was write the functions in python, then use PyScript to incorporate said python function into the website. From what I can tell, PyScript is pretty new, so getting information on how to use it was definitely a challenge. However, I managed to get the functions that create the quiz questions to work using PyScript. The issue was, and still is, getting the code to display the correct answer after the user inputs their answer, and to compare to tell if the user's answer is correct. I know how to get the code to display the correct answer, but have no clue to have it show only after the user inputs an answer. I am also struggling to figure out how to compare the user input to the correct answer. These are thing I know how to do in python, but do not currently have the knowledge for in HTML and JavaScript. This is something I intend on learning how to do, and fix. I am fairly proud of this website; it is a bit crude, but this was all new information to me less than a month ago, and I was able to create a function website with multiple pages that is easy to use. I really enjoyed doing this project, and intend on continuing to learn and improve this site in the future.